org: Add nursery for unmaintained projects (#27)
typst-community/org: README.md

### What are its goals?
We follow, in essence, the same goals as the other communities. Namely:

#### Collaborative maintenance of Typst projects
We aim to provide a central location for the maintenance of Typst projects.

Projects can be hosted in typst-community whenever any of the following is the case:
- **The** author stopped maintaining the project.

>   - Projects which are unmaintaned are placed under governance of the Nursery team, see [GOVERNANCE.md](GOVERNANCE.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Projects which are unmaintaned are placed under governance of the Nursery team, see [GOVERNANCE.md](GOVERNANCE.md#Nursery).
```

- **The** author stopped maintaining the project.
- **The** project has become a collective work, as several community members are actively working on it.
- **The** author is still maintaining the project but they want to encourage other community members to participate in its maintenance and possibly take over.
- **The** project is a tool of general interest and it makes sense to develop it collaboratively.

#### Nursery of unmaintained Typst projects
When a transfer request is completed for an unmaintained project, it is automatically placed under maintenance of the @typst-community/nursery team.

Every member of this team may triage issues, merge PRs, or create releases for such a project.
The extent of work put into the maintenance of such a project is up to each member of the team.
Nursery maintenance typically means minimum maintenance until a new maintainer is found, this means that bugs are fixed, but features may not be implemented.

If a new maintainer is found, then the nursery team may transfer the repository to them, or invite the maintainer to the organization and add them as a maintainer.

> Ownership transfers from and two the nursery team may be announced to let the community and in particular the Typst team know about the change in maintenance, such that no issues arise when new versions of packages are submitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ownership transfers from and to the Nursery team may be announced to let the community and the Typst team know about the change in maintenance, such that no issues arise when new versions of packages are being published to the Typst Universe.
```
